“So… explain it to me again.  Why exactly did you jump down to face a polearm-swinging vampire troll??” Dolly’s expression made clear that there was no good explanation Rei could offer.

“I don’t know what came over me.  Reilly asked what a blade adept was and I jumped down...”

Dolly interrupted, “To face a polearm-swinging vampire troll.”  Her look only intensified.

“Yeah, that was pretty stupid...”

“Damn straight it was stupid.  If Granny wasn’t there, you’d have more than those little scars you have now!”

“It was… a slight tactical miscalculation.”

Dolly just stared.

“But Reilly…”

“And do you do anything a pretty girl asks?”

Now it was Rei’s turn to stare with just the slight twinge of a smile at the corner of his mouth.

“Lord, you’re insufferable!  You need to learn some impulse control.”

Granny, who had been sitting quietly while the two young elves “discussed” the events aboard the U.S.S. Kentucky, raised an eyebrow in Dolly’s direction.

“What??  I didn’t attack a polearm-swinging vampire troll!”

Granny lifted her napkin to hide her smile as she dabbed at her mouth.

“Well, all’s well that ends well.  And now he has another story to tell when someone sees him without his shirt on.  Isn’t that right, Dolly?”

Dolly used her napkin to hide the faint blush rising in her cheeks.

Granny took advantage of the momentary distraction to shift the conversation.  Her voice softened and drew Dolly and Rei into her words.

She wasn’t sure what role Rei might play in her designs, but she wanted the boy to understand what he was getting into.  Being named a Protector of the Realm by the Queen and receiving the Brooch and Dagger of the Sacred Rose from her hand meant something.  And in a place like the Court, where intrigue was as common as air, such honors came with expectations and enemies.

Granny talked about the players at the Court, the factions, the ever-changing allegiances.  And she also talked about the etiquette of the place.  This was a royal court after all, and etiquette was a weapon as sharp as the sword the boy carried.

Rei and Dolly both listened hungrily.  Granny always told Dolly tales and gossip about the Court, but it always felt like a shared secret for amusement.  Not like this.  The way Granny told them tonight was like a general preparing her troops for combat.  There was an edge in her voice, a rawness to her descriptions, something that she’d never done before.

Rei knew next to nothing about the Court, and Granny’s talk opened up the new world to him.  Her description of the Court reminded him of the movie All the President’s Men, a place of back-room deals and moral ambiguity driven to relieve the boredom caused by the eternity of their lives.  He hung on every word and asked for more.

The conversation ran long into the night.  As dawn crept closer, Granny finally instructed both to get some sleep in separate rooms, promising to continue their discussion.  As she returned to her own home, she thought about how the pieces had changed over the years, but the board itself seemed to remain as eternal as the Court.

I wonder what will happen next.  I can’t wait to find out, Granny thought as the door to the Fae realm closed behind her.