“What can I get you, sir?”

“Old Forester 1924, ten-year, neat, and a Manhattan” Rei said.

“Coming right up, sir.”

The bartender poured Rei’s drinks with smooth, practiced motions.  Minimal movement, no flourish.  Rei appreciated that.  The ork pushed the two glasses toward him, and he carried them back to his table just before the next set began.

He eased into the worn leather chair and placed his drinks on the warm wooden table.  Laissez‑Faire was his go-to bar in New Orleans, and he always made time to catch up with Alexander and soak in the Blues.  Tonight, Diamond, the Madam of the Lèvres Rose, sat across the table and she reached for her Manhattan just as the next set began to play.  They both settled back to enjoy the music.

As the music washed over him, Rei thought back.  I always liked music.  But growing up in Renraku, the only sounds I had access to were the traditional stuff, Gagaku or Min’yō, or the corp approved, short-lived soulless drek.  Nothing that really defined my generation… or maybe it did.  The thought made Rei shiver for the people he knew who stayed in ’raku.  This is where I really fell in love with the Blues.  And now, it’s the Un-Awakening.  Magic is gone, and no one knows if or when it’s coming back.  What songs will this inspire?

Rei hid a laugh behind his drink.  “Frag, that got serious.”

Diamond looked over at the sound of Rei’s voice.  Concern touching her eyes.  “Nuyen for your thoughts?”

“I wouldn’t want to overcharge you,” Rei smiled.

“Thinking about the magic?”

“Yeah.  That last job threw me.  I’ve never felt so slow, so clumsy, so useless.”

“What are you going to do?”

“My father wanted me to be an engineer like he was.  That was before we learned I was Awakened.  Maybe I’ll do that.  I recovered a damaged drone and enjoyed the challenge of bringing it back online.”

Diamond raised an eyebrow.

“Yeah, that’s probably not a realistic plan.”

“You do have other skills.  You’re well read, a decent conversationalist, and not too bad in the sack.  I could always use some like you at the Lèvres Rose.”

“Not too bad???”

“The point is you have other options.  You played backup guitar on Amsterdam You’re Cold by the FUCHS.  You even did a good job playing Franz in The Producers.”

“Wait, how did you know about that???”

“Mithral set up a live stream for Dawn and she invited some of us who know you over for a watch party.”

“I’m going to kill that fraggin’ dwarf…”

“The point being you have other options.”

“What about you?”

“My beauty and charm were enhanced by my magic, but even without it, I remain beautiful and charming.  Now shush.  I want to enjoy our evening.”

Rei relaxed into his chair and let the music wash over him again.  I do have options.