“Frag, frag, frag.”

Rei’s wide-eyed gaze bounced between the ornate medal lying inside the plain wooden box and the accompanying letter.

Why can’t people just give out bonuses?  Rei thought as he gently placed the box and letter on the shelf next to the brooch and dagger.

Nothing says “well done” like nuyen.

Titles are nothing but traps.

Protector of the Realm.  Member of the Order of the Lion.  Don’t they realize I’m a criminal?  They shouldn’t be offering me honors.  They should be trying to arrest me.

Rei sighed.  He understood why they did it.  Francesco Bussone da Carmagnola, Cesare Borgia, Sir Francis Drake, Jean Lafitte.  The list of criminals given titles for political reasons was practically endless.  They did it because people like him got things done, and titles bound them to the powerful.  They knew he’d answer their call.

Maybe I could send them back?  No, that would be taken as an insult.  They’d lose face and I’d make enemies.  No matter the culture, loss of face means loss of power.  People in power do not tolerate that.

“Frag, frag, frag.”

Rei fell back onto his bed and stared at the ceiling.  Most runs were fine.  Straightforward transactions between two parties.  Goals accomplished, payments made.  Promises to keep each other in mind when future opportunities arose.

Sure, there were problematic jobs.  Ones where the Johnson lied about what the job really was, tried to betray them, or even tried to steal from them.  In those cases, the Johnson’s duplicity null’ed the deal.  Takedo was a good example.  Sending Rei on a mission whose goal was to destroy metahumanity wasn’t what Rei agreed to.  And even in that case, Rei was troubled by the idea he betrayed his “lord.”

For Rei, it always came back to Bushido.

Growing up, Renraku indoctrinated Rei and other kids in Bushido.  Loyalty to their “lords” was drilled into them.  An employee trusted that Renraku wouldn’t ask for a sacrifice unless necessary, and that sacrifice was for the greater good of the Renraku family.  “Personal responsibility for the safety of the body politic” at its best.

Accepting a title from them meant he was taking responsibility for their safety.

“Frag, frag, frag.”

But that’s what made the shadows so complicated.  At Renraku, employees saw the actions of their “lords” and they saw the consequences.  A superior who wasted their subordinates soon found themselves without subordinates.  A superior without subordinates couldn’t fulfill their duty.  Failure led to accountability.

In the shadows, the entire point was deniability.  No connection between the Johnson and the team.  Sure, there was reputation, but that didn’t work when every boss was “Mr. Johnson.”  Yes, if a company’s Mr. Johnsons developed a reputation for betrayal, a company soon found itself only working with runners of questionable quality.  That rarely happened, though.  Most Mr. Johnson betrayals were by people who had questionable loyalty to their company and the runners.  In those instances, Mr. Johnson’s superiors and the runners ensured accountability.

That’s when the realization struck Rei.

If the titles are public, this isn’t a shadow relationship anymore.  And if they aren’t public, then the titles are empty.

The realization hit Rei hard.  If they bound themselves to him publicly, they were just as obligated to answer his call as he was to answer theirs.  Betrayal of that responsibility would lead to others questioning their reliability.  Superiors without subordinates were powerless.  And the number one goal of people in power was to stay in power.

If this was a secret honor, then it was merely a gesture and nothing more because the giver had nothing to lose.

Rei got off the bed, walked over to the shelf with the medal, brooch, and dagger, and looked at them again.

Maybe I’m overthinking it.  Maybe the Seelie Court and the United Netherlands royal family were just saying thank you.  Rei burst out laughing at that thought.

No, the first step to not being caught in a trap was knowing it was there.  Rei smiled.

Dolly would be proud.  I’m thinking ahead and not just jumping in front of the biggest threat.

Rei knew he still might jump, but at least he thought through the consequences beforehand.  Well, at least a bit.

Author’s Note: This story contains a brief quote from the film Starship Troopers (1997), written by Edward Neumeier.


