It’s good to be home, Rei thought as he dropped his bags on the floor of his apartment.

His Grand Tour of Europe had cost more than he anticipated, and by the time he was done, his credstick was dry.  Thankfully, Virginia came through with another job in the UNL.  The job was a milk run, his favorite kind, and Simon Andrews paid his bills.  He earned enough to make his way back to Seattle without too much difficulty and with no gear lost.

In the days after his return, Rei found himself running all over town.  Dropping off Virginia’s bottle of Pol Roger Sir Winston Churchill.  Stopping at Sato’s house to deliver the movie poster and watch The Third Man together.  Meeting with Nishiyama-sama to catch up.

Nishiyama relays messages and gifts to Rei’s family back in Renraku, and Rei wanted them to know he was doing okay.  Rei had a credstick and a datachip he wanted to pass along.  The chip contained a journal of his Grand Tour along with photos and short clips captured by his new toys.  He threw in copies of The Fuchs songs that Fox let him play backup guitar on.  Mithral was also kind enough to give him the bootleg copy of The Producers to pass along.

They met at a small café in the Bellevue Square Mall during the quiet time before work let out.   They enjoyed a cup of coffee as Rei recounted his latest trip to Europe, leaving out any discussion of the work he was there for.  Nishiyama took it all in, asking follow-up questions as appropriate but mostly letting Rei talk.  As Rei began to wind down, he saw a flicker of a smile appear at the corner of Nishiyama’s mouth followed by the dreaded question.

“Well, Hideyoshi, now that you’ve taken your Grand Tour, what do you plan to do next?”  Nishiyama casually asked.  His eyes watching Rei as he sipped his coffee.

“I don’t know.”

Nishiyama lowered his coffee cup, leaned back in his chair, and crossed his hands over his stomach while waiting for Rei to elaborate.

“When I trained at Renraku, you were forging a weapon.  A weapon that would be wielded by Renraku.  I never had to think about what I did.  I just had to be a weapon.”

“When Dad died and Renraku had no use for me as a weapon, turning to the shadows seemed like the only option.  A weapon is made to be wielded.”

“But this last year, I’ve changed.  I’m no longer just a weapon.  I’m more than that.  I think about my family and their welfare.  About how my actions have consequences I have to live with.  About how there is more to life than just fighting.”
“So… I don’t know what I’ll do next.  But I know I have options.”

Nishiyama’s slight smile returned. “Your father would be proud, Hideyoshi.  I mean, he’d still wish you were an engineer or something similar, but he would appreciate the thoughtfulness of your answer.”

The two sat in silence for a moment before Nishiyama stood to leave. “Until next time, Hideyoshi.  I look forward to hearing about your options and what you’re doing to pursue them.”  And with that he walked off toward the exit.  Rei stood and made his way to a different exit to help disassociate them, out of habit.

I really need to think about those options.