“Do you have to leave already, suga?”  Diamond lounged across the bed, watching Rei pack.  Her pout was playful.  “You barely spend any time in NOLA anymore. Don’t you like it down here?  Don’t you like me?”

Rei smirked.  “Very funny, darling.  You know I love the city.  But I’ve got to get back.  I promised my sensei I’d return as soon as I could.  He’s got something planned, and the older he gets, the less patience he has.”

“Sounds like a peach.”

Rei shrugged. “He’s sensei.”


“Rei, the reason you get into fights is because you’re good at it,” Sato said, arms crossed.

“Shouldn’t that be a reason for people not to fight me?”

“No. You put yourself in situations that lead to violence so you can do what you’re good at.”

“I didn’t fight anyone on my last run,” Rei muttered, thinking back to the Ranch.

“A rarity.”  Sato’s tone sharpened. “You need to expand your repertoire.  Learn how to play a role so well people don’t even think about fighting you.”

He leaned forward.  “Some of the greatest actors of the twentieth century immersed themselves so deeply in a role that they became the character. Physicality, speech, habits, sometimes even lifestyle. Daniel Day Lewis learned to be a butcher and lived without modern comforts for months.”

Sato tapped the table. “An infiltrator is the same.  You play a role.  The roles vary, but the audience must believe you.  If they don’t, you’ll suffer more than a bad review.”

The next several weeks were spent building a man who did not exist.

James Williams.  Actor from New Orleans.  A lover, not a fighter.

Sato and Rei crafted everything: James’s walk, his gestures, the cadence of his speech.  James might look like Rei, but no one would mistake the two.  James was soft edges and easy charm, a man who drifted through life.

James arrived in Seattle penniless and friendless, but the Capitol Hill Community Playhouse welcomed him with open arms.  The troupe devoured his hard luck story, sympathizing with his persecution by wealthy patrons who “didn’t understand true art.”  The rumor that James had been caught in a compromising position with one such patron’s spouse only made them adore him more.

He developed a reputation as a flirt and a scoundrel, living in other people’s doss one night at a time.  When he showed up bruised and battered, the troupe whispered about James’s poor decisions.  When he announced he’d be “temporarily” leaving Seattle, speculation reached a fever pitch.

Back in Sato’s kitchen, Rei recounted the experience.

“What did you learn?”  Sato asked.

“The character provides the framework,” Rei said. “People fill in the blanks when no answer is given.  I thought my injuries from that last run would give me away, but everyone just made up their own story.”

“That’s right.  Most people’s lives are mundane.  Why wouldn’t yours be?”

Rei hesitated.  “I also felt like I was forgetting who was real and who was make believe.  I had to remind myself I was playing a part, not actually James Williams.”

“That is both a danger and an opportunity,” Sato said.  “The more you believe, the more your audience will.  But you must always stay aware of your mission.”

Rei exhaled.  “Well… it’s good to be Rei again.”

“Don’t get too comfortable.”

Rei frowned.  “What do you mean, Sensei?”

Sato slid a printout across the table.  Rei picked it up, scanned it, and looked up in confusion.

“What’s The Producers?”