A person can learn a lot from a hallway.  Well maintained and clean, the owners are trying to make a good impression.  A statement that says we matter.  A bit run down yet still clean.  We work hard and we have pride, but don’t have money to waste on trying to impress you.
  
This hallway neither tried to impress nor had any pride.  A place mostly forgotten by the outside world.

Welcome to the U-Dub Sociology Department.

As Rei approached his destination, he spotted a small plaque indicating the office belonged to Dr. Dana Kessler, Professor of Sociology.  He knocked, hearing a faint “come in” from inside.  He opened the door and entered.

Inside he found a middle-aged human woman, sitting behind a large wooden desk covered in stacks of papers.  She wore reading glasses perched low on her nose to see who was at the door.  Her brown hair pulled back in a high ponytail, wisps of hair that had escaped, framed her face.  A serious look on her face asked who dared interrupt her work.

“Good morning.  How can I help you?”

“Good morning, Dr. Kessler.  My name is Ken Suzuki.  Dr. Laureline Dodd arranged for us to meet.”

“Yes, that’s right.  You’re one of her assistants.  She mentioned that you’re interested in studying Sociology here at U-Dub.  Please have a seat.”

Before Rei’s hoop even hit the chair, Dr. Kessler started talking about the Sociology program at U-Dub and the potential career paths it could lead to.  She gave a rapid-fire overview of their corporate-funded research, faculty specialties, and her obsession with “applied sociological outcomes.”  Rei was in awe of her ability to deliver a lecture without seeming to breathe.  She concluded with “While my voice carries some weight with the admissions department, I’m afraid that it carries none with the finance department.  I suspect you’ll have little difficulty paying admission to earn your degree here at the University of Washington,” as she eyed his suit.

Finally, Rei had a chance to speak.

“I’m sorry for the confusion, I have no desire to earn a degree in Sociology.  My interest is in learning sociology.”

The doctor’s eyebrow arched in response, and for the first time, Professor Kessler seemed interested, so Rei continued.

“I have little money, no family to speak of, and no corporate sponsorship.  My interest is learning how metahumans form societies, macro and micro, the norms and cultures that shape those societies, and the effect those social pressures have on individuals.”

“If I may ask, what line of work are you in?”

“I’m what many corporations would refer to as a disposable or freelance asset.”

“A shadowrunner?”

“A shadowrunner.”

“I didn’t think shadowrunners had an interest in higher learning, unless it involved matrix security or thaumatology.”

“I can’t speak for others, but I am interested in people, their history, and their culture.”

“So, you’re used to negotiating.  All right then.  What can you offer me?”

“Dr. Dodd indicated that your research focuses on metahuman stratification and you are researching theories on how to bridge those gaps and form a coherent society.  For that, I may be able to help you.  I straddle human and metahuman societies, UCAS and Japanese societies, corporate and criminal societies.  I know multiple languages, and more importantly I have contacts throughout that would be willing to help me if I ask.  For example, I have connections in the Ork Underground and could arrange a meeting with leaders of that community.”

Rei could see the wheels turning as she took that in.

“That could be… beneficial.”

“I thought it might.”

“What do you want in return?”

“Access to classes here at the university.  To audit, not for a grade.  Someone that I can talk to about those classes and help me learn the material.  As I said, I want to learn sociology.”

Dr. Kessler leaned back and stared at Rei for a moment, considering the offer.

“I imagine I could register you as a volunteer.  You’d have a university ID and would be able to attend my classes without too much difficulty.  Some other professors owe me a favor and should be willing to let you sit in back and listen.  This could work.”

Rei reached out his hand and shook, “Excellent.  We have a deal.”

They talked for a bit longer, the small talk of two people feeling out a new relationship.

After a bit, Rei offered the doctor a business card in two hands, “Thank you for your time.  Please comm me once you’ve made arrangements to register me as a volunteer.  I look forward to working with you.”  Rei bowed formally and turned to leave.

The hallway seemed just a bit brighter on the way out.