“Take it from me,” Dolly said, “that Geology Club mom filming Dr. Dodd was more interested in you than the good doctor’s speech.  I bet the news chose that clip because they thought you’d be good for the other half of the viewing demographic.”

Rei smiled, looked away, and fanned himself dramatically. “I’m too sexy for my own good.” 

“Watch yourself, Granny still might pop into chaperon us.”  Dolly smiled back.

During this last run, Dolly had done Rei a solid.  Gave him a heads-up into what might be coming, even knowing Granny wouldn’t be thrilled if she found out.  She trusted him to keep quiet, and he did.

As repayment, Rei promised Dolly a night on the town.  She picked an upscale French bistro.  A place that prides itself on serving real steak.  Not vat-grown, not soy-blended.  The real thing.  They shared a bottle of French wine and let the conversation flow.

They chatted about the discovery and Rei talked about his role, or rather his SIN’s role.

“So, you’re a shadowrunner.  Why’d you give her one of your SINs?  You won’t be able to use that for work, will you,” Dolly asked sipping her wine.

“I did it without thinking it through.  Complete impulse.  I think I just wanted to be part of that moment.  Make my mark on history.  Even if it’s not ‘me’.”

The conversation wandered from there.  Rei recounted stories of Europe and his Grand Tour.  Dolly talked about spending time in Kentucky and with her Granny in the Autumn Court.

“So, what are you going to do after graduation?  Magic and Engineering seem like an interesting combination.”  Rei said.

“Don’t know.  I got time though, one of the benefits of being an elf.  I can try some things out, and if I don’t like it, I can try some other things.  What about you?”

“This entire experience got me thinking.  Why not go back to school?  I like history.  Learning about people and their societies.  I don’t know what I’d do with that, but it’s an idea.”

They fell into a quiet moment.

Then Dolly perked up.  “You owe me a favor, don’t you Rei?”

“Yeah.  What do you need?”  Rei looked a bit puzzled.  The question came out of nowhere.

“I got a big race next week and could use some help.  I need someone to drive against, and you ain’t half bad.”

“So basically you’re going to whoop my hoop for a full week?”

Dolly hid her smile behind her wine glass and whispered, “Only if you’re very lucky.”